Updates for linux system packaging and build/dist changes. (#190)
beeware/beeware: docs/tutorial/tutorial-5/iOS.rst

  ...
  [helloworld] Installing application resources...
  ...

>   [helloworld] Created build/helloworld/ios/Xcode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [helloworld] Created build/helloworld/ios/xcode
```

> Once this completes, we'll now have an ``iOS`` directory in your project.
> This directory will contain a ``Hello World`` folder, which will contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this completes, we'll have a  ``build/helloworld/ios/xcode`` directory containing
```

  ...
  Building... done

>   [helloworld] Built build/helloworld/ios/Xcode/build/Debug-iphonesimulator/Hello World.app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [helloworld] Built build/helloworld/ios/xcode/build/Debug-iphonesimulator/Hello World.app
```
